At this time, the Aist breakup the Chinese Republic will further strengthen its resolve to support his plan.
This will give Japan the fundamentalCONFIRMED deal with daily paradises
and help the national parliament to take one step more toward the straighten us on the addition
I am committed to the completion of the Great East Japan War.
I am deeply grateful for this.
The Empire will continue to strengthen its relationship with the East Japan Army.
It will cross the military, economic, and cultural borders of the East Japan Army and work together with the Sannitans.
I am ready to cooperate with the East Japan Army for the development of the East Japan Army.
As you know, the military has been determined to send the Commander-in-Chief of the Army to the United States.
The military has been determined to conduct the military operation under the Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
The independent preparation committee was formed on May 8th.
It is a formal meeting to make the progress of the independent preparation.
I am ready to do so.
I strongly expect that the historic day of the battle will come soon.